Clarify PowerShell requirement for local development (#457)
Tyrrrz/YoutubeDownloader: Contributing.md

# Contributing

> 
> ## Building from Source
> 
> - Requirements:
>   - [PowerShell](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell?view=powershell-7.4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building from source

### Requirements

- Windows, Linux, or macOS machine
- Latest [.NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
- Latest [PowerShell (`pwsh`)](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell)
- (Recommended) .NET IDE such as Visual Studio or JetBrains Rider
```
